# lv-config-json-indexable

This is based on [lv-config-json](../lv-config-json/README.md); it will not repeat anything that isn't already in there.

This is an extension of the lv-config-json except that multiple versions of the same configuration can be stored within the same file and are indexable.

For example, you can have multiple configurations for different users where their configurations are kept in the same file, but you can select JUST the configuration for a specific user.

## Getting Started

Use the following steps to get started with this template:

1. Execute all the steps noted in the lv-config-json [README](../lv-config-json/README.md)
2. Ensure that your configuration has the indexable input present in the configuration as a scalar (so you can search for it)

## Guidelines/Opinions

Below are some guidelines, guard rails that will help with implementation:

* I think this works well with simple configurations, I think it's extensible enough such that you could do more ridiculous configurations, but I think it works best if you have a single cluster with all the configuration information and nothing more.
* Ensure that your index is something you can ensure is unique within your business logic. I think the logic as coded is not meant to intelligently handle conflicts, so indexes should be something that's not generated by the user.
* It's not necessary, but it's far less __janky__ to include the "indexable" value within your configuration struct rather than provide it as a seperate input. It attempts to maintain the single input/ouput nature of configuration. Also note that the input/output are scalars and NOT arrays.
* The internal array based nature of the configuration shouldn't be exposed to the rest of teh application, if it has need of configurations from different indexes, it should call configuration twice.
